Miniflare config followups (#15130)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/default-analytics-engine-name.md

---
"@cloudflare/config": patch
"miniflare": patch
---

Default local Analytics Engine dataset names in Miniflare

> Analytics Engine dataset bindings without an explicit `name` now get the same local default identifier behavior as R2 and queue bindings.

Reviewer: Nit: what is the default identifier behavior of R2 and queue bindings? Might be worth explaining directly.

> Analytics Engine dataset bindings without an explicit `name` now get the same local default identifier behavior as R2 and queue bindings.

Author: ```suggestion
Analytics Engine dataset bindings without an explicit `name` now fallback to the worker and binding name as a default.
```
